Why did you call out of the blue?
Can we go out for dinner?
- Are you okay? - Of course.
You're acting so weird.
You suddenly call and ask me to watch a movie.
Are you dying?
‪Oh wow.
That's enough.
Viktor, you two don't understand each other anymore.
Neither of you wants to lose.
Like father, like daughter.
And you.
Cool off first, okay?
Knowing the Moravianos, they won't move without direction.
Clearly, they have a target.
Which is my close friend?
And when you're their target, they aim to kill you
because you're a thorn in their side.
Am I understanding it correctly?
Because of my close friend, who, thank God, is alive and kicking,
our mission will become easier
and we'll learn more about the Moravianos?
You've already spent so much time building a case against them, remember?
May all the favors be in your favor, dear.
Cheers! To the final mission.
I can see it
I'm manifesting it already.
Cheers to my future grandmother era!
That's if you want to start a family right away.
If not, then don't rush.
That's okay too.
Isn't it true that in this world,
This world of the mafia, the only way out is death?
Even if, let's say, I do finish the mission,
And Mikoy and I are allowed to live the normal life I've been dreaming of,
I can never escape this kind of life.
I'll always be a Moraviano.
Are you sure about putting me back in my position?
I'm absolutely sure.
But are you sure you want to come back,
Knowing there's a threat to your life?
It's part of the job.
I know your line of work is dangerous,
But sometimes I forget that danger can come anytime, anywhere.
Right now, we're talking, we're laughing.
The next moment, you don't know what could happen.
Well, that's true.
Even after spending decades in this line of work,
It's different when death is already near.
Are you scared now?
Not really.
But
Earlier, when I was with Sofie,
I kind of felt nervous.
Good thing nothing bad happened.
Good thing it still wasn't my time.
You know me.
I'm ready for anything, but what I can't accept
Is my daughter getting involved.
I don't want her to get involved
Just because I chose this life.
That's wishful thinking, my friend.
Exactly.
I know it will benefit Sofie and her generation eventually,
Even if I no longer get to witness it.
What's important is,
I did a great job.
Even if, let's say, I do finish the mission,
and Mikoy and I are allowed to live the normal life I've been dreaming of,
I can never escape this life.
I'll always be a Moraviano.
Chiara, why? Is there a problem?
No.
I just wanted to hear your voice.
Really?
We've only been apart for a few hours, and you already miss me?
I don't know.
I don't know why I miss you so much already.
I just want to
See you and hug you right now.
When I'm with you,
I feel at ease, like I'm always safe.
Is there a problem?
Just tell me.
I'll listen with no judgment.
Really?
Of course!
Chiara, I love you so much.
I accept you as you are, okay?
You know that.
Did something happen?
What can I do to help? Come on.
Nothing.
I'm just tired.
I just wanted to talk to you and hear your voice before I sleep.
Well, even in your dreams, you can definitely talk to me. Okay?
Talk to you in my dreams?
Sweet dreams, love, and I'll be there.
Come on now. Good night.
GLOBAL AGENCY FOR GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS
As you can see,
Around this time, General Ruiz arrived,
And this is the park's peak hours.
There were so many people. It was overwhelming.
Maybe there wasn't actually any imminent danger last night, Agent Alex.
But maybe we're looking at nothing.
All this footage and prospects Maybe we're just
Overreacting?
Being prepared matters more than working hard,
But the one who overreacts and overthinks beats them all.
Oh, no way.
What a nice way to wake up.
But is this for real?
Oh! It really is!
Wait, am I still dreaming?
Of course not, I'm really here.
You really missed me that much
That you just casually walked into my room.
You know that's an invasion of privacy, right?
And you didn't even ask for consent.
I could sue you.
You know that?
So it's better
You should just live here.
With me.
Are you serious?
Of course.
So it's not that obvious that I always want to be with you.
I feel guilty whenever I need you
Or when you need me and we're miles apart.
Sweetheart, it feels like my heart wants to burst
Whenever you're sad and I can't even hug you.
You know that? That's so hard.
I can't do this.
So, please?
Mikoy!
Because of that, this calls for a celebration!
Okay.
So, I'm staying here now?
Sofie.
I thought
Do you have enemies?
Why were you in defense mode?
Especially these days.
Are you part of the boxing team?
You punch really hard.
Do we even have a boxing team?
Yes! And you're the legendary member.
It hurts!
I'm really sorry.
Wait.
Something's bothering you, isn't it?
Yes.
I've been getting really stressed thinking about it.
That's why I've become so hyper-aware of my surroundings.
I knew it. The moment I saw you,
Just from the way you walked, I already knew you were stressed.
I was actually gonna surprise you, so your stress would wear off somehow,
But I ended up getting surprised instead.
I'm really sorry. Does it still hurt?
Do you want me to go with you to the clinic?
What?
- Ouch! - Now we're even.
Don't think about it anymore. It's okay.
So, come on?
Shall we go together?
Fine, let's go then.
Let's go.
That really hurt.
You're really amazing, sweetheart!
It's okay to be sharp with knives, but be gentle with my heart.
GLOBAL AGENCY FOR GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS
Son of a shark.
Alexandria Cortez.
Oh my God, Bok!
You slept here again? You didn't go home again, Bok?
My God!
Bok, I didn't have a choice.
I need to find out who's spying on the chief,
And in order to find him or her,
I need to review all the CCTV footage from that night.
Find someone acting suspiciously.
Bok, you do have a choice.
You just don't want to choose it.
You always choose the one where you have to sacrifice yourself
For a greater purpose.
Whatever that purpose is.
Not now. I don't have time for this drama.
It's not on my checklist.
But this one This is what's on my checklist.
I've spent hours watching the CCTV files from that night
Over and over until I memorized the entire layout of the park.
So, what did all that heroics get you?
That person Isn't she familiar to you?
How did you know that's a woman?
Doesn't she look familiar to you?
She does look familiar.
Is there something you want to say?
How did she know that I wanted to say something?
Can she read my mind?
Oh my. Really?
All right, then. If you can read it, then read this.
I only thought of the answer. Go!
Sweetheart, even without reading what's on your mind,
I already know the answer.
You know it, but do I?
Do I know the correct answer?
That's the catch!
I know I'm cute, but I'm not perfect.
You're teasing me again.
You're good at guessing.
How did you know I wanted to tell you something?
Sweetheart, I think anyone
Could tell that you wanted to say something to me.
You've been staring at me for a while.
You don't have to use that approach on me.
Nothing, I just have something on my mind.
But it's nothing! Don't mind me.
You know, partners should be open with each other.
So, we should be open.
Come on! Tell me now. What is it?
Right! She does look familiar!
Yes! You finally got it, right?
She was also in the same area where the chief was.
She never left.
People already came and went around her,
But she just stayed there.
Watching, patiently, like a predator,
Waiting for the right moment to pounce.
Right.
That seems familiar, Bok. There!
Oh my God.
She looks like Justin Bieber at Coachella,
Just with a different hoodie color!
Come on, Bok! What Justin Bieber?
It's a woman! What's wrong with you?
- A woman. - Come on!
Okay. A familiar woman.
There! She looks like Kendall Jenner!
She just finished her nightly jog!
Then she thought she'd rest for a while at the park,
But because she rested at the park, she became suspicious and got judged.
- Right. - Why can't you see it?
I was just thinking.
Don't get mad, okay?
I just feel like
I still don't know much about you.
I still don't know much about your life.
Am I making sense or not?
Never mind. I knew it.
No.
Since our very first meeting,
You already knew about me, my family, my upbringing,
The family business, which you became a part of.
We even had that explosive party.
Just to officially introduce us
As a couple to the investors and family and friends, right?
I remember. It really was explosive.
But what you said is true. That's all I know.
You know?
I still don't know Chiara outside her family.
I mean, outside your business,
Outside your family and friends
I don't even know who Chiara is with her friends.
Or just Chiara,
Not Chiara Valtrovi.
You know that.
I'll get to know you better
if I spend time with the people you're with outside your responsibilities
of being a Valtrovi.
Why don't you tell Mikoy the truth?
If he truly loves you,
He'll accept you wholeheartedly, with flaws and all.
And the person they sent to monitor you is him.
Yes? Who are you?
Mikoy, I just wanted to know.
How well do you know Chiara?